and the television more demonstrations by
the case of the 43 normalists
missing do not stop this afternoon
teachers of the state coordinator of
education workers and
Normalist students arrived at
warrior congress and they blocked
also access while another group
protesters with faces covered
caused damage and set fire to
the offices of the stimulus program
retirement belonging to the
Secretary of education of the entity
but having more than
it happened today in warrior me
I throw with my partner although the Galeana
angel how are you good night
hello paco good night I greet you with
taste here in warrior this Friday it
again provokes a demonstration
violent now by teachers of
the state workers' coordinator
of education as we already saw this
morning they burned these offices
belonging to the secretariat of
warrior education if you think we 're going to
see what happened this day here in
chilpancingo the masters of the
state coordinator of workers of
the education in warrior caused
destruction and set fire to
offices of the stimulus program to the
retirement belonging to the secretary
of warrior education
the teachers were doing
a protest in the local congress about
100 meters when they found out that in
the government offices were
giving appointments to teachers of
CNTE prompting anger among
the dissidents and went to prevent
to follow the procedures
the government workers were
evicted by the dissident teachers
who entered the offices
they broke windows and set fire
outside of the offices burned
stationery and equipment
electronic
a few minutes later bodies arrived
of firefighters and civil protection for
suffocate the fire initiated by the
teachers are doing the jobs
to try to put out the fire in
a few minutes we receive here to one side
from the fire station in the east
building that houses the program
encouragement to retirees
there were people doing damage
and they burned the building moments before a
group of teachers protested in the
warrior congress facilities
where they kept closing the
accesses and issuing messages in favor of
that the ayotzinapa normalistas
missing are presented alive
at the same time students of several normals
They took the white wooden hut in the
Highway of the Sun
to inform you that this afternoon
students of the normal ayotzinapa
They offered a press conference in
where they noticed that the protests go
to continue here in the entity this weigh
to the angel license application
aguirre rivero to separate from the office
as governor they point out that this is not
a solution for the appearance of the 43
students from the normal and at 11
tonight Congress warrior
have a session scheduled
where will input extraordinary
precisely to this request for
license that already the angel governor
aguirre announced yesterday for ccoo
as the spirits continue although what we
It is talked yesterday of those
are the names that are in this
moment taking into account putting on
the table to replace angel aguirre
if the current one is maintained at this moment
secretary of social development beatriz
mojica morga as one of the main
to occupy this position however
other names are also mentioned as
the rector of the autonomous university
of warrior Javier Saldaña are the
stronger names that are heard in
this time however, yes , yes
tell you what is beatriz mojica morga
which so far sounds like the
who would be in charge of the governorship
interim in the next year that remains of
this administration at 11 hours
this session will be done according to
the programmed and good will already be the subject of
the political affairs commission when
issue an opinion on the issue today
in which the people on foot the people who
is for example in the streets that is what
that says about the resignation of
angel aguirre
under comment to you that it has been a subject
that people have been socialized a lot
agrees that the governor
angel aguirre has presented this
resignation or this request to separate
of the charge however also also
they point out that it will not solve the
problem of the 43 students of the
normal there have been many conflicts
out of this then that's why he
causes some encouragement in the citizenship the
presentation of the license application
of the governor angel aguirre rivero but
is taken with some encouragement is this
measure by the government of
warrior I thank you very much angel
galeana your report thank you subscribe to
our YouTube channel so that
always be informed of the latest
news from mexico and the world starts
right now by clicking on these videos